[excel] (Table) Adding requested samples (#578)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/excel-samples.md

}
```

### Add data to a range

> This script adds a set of values to a new worksheet. The values start in cell **A1**. The data used in this script is pre-defined, but could be sourced from other places in or out of the workbook.

Reviewer: Per AHD, seems this should be [predefined](https://www.ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=predefined)
```suggestion
This script adds a set of values to a new worksheet. The values start in cell **A1**. The data used in this script is predefined, but could be sourced from other places in or out of the workbook.
```

      return;
    }

>     // If no columns are hidden, log message, else, show columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If no columns are hidden, log message, else show columns.
```

> [!TIP]
> Copy the filtered information across the workbook by using `Range.copyFrom`. Add the following line to the end of the script to create a new worksheet with the filtered data.
>
> ```TypeScript
>   workbook.addWorksheet().getRange("A1").copyFrom(table.getRange());
> ```

### Dynamically reference table values

This script uses the "@COLUMN_NAME" syntax to set formulas in a table column. The column names in the table can be changed without changing this script.

```TypeScript
function main(workbook: ExcelScript.Workbook) {
  // Get the current worksheet.
  const table = workbook.getTable("Profits");

  // Get the column names for columns 2 and 3.
  // Note that these are 1-based indices.
  const nameOfColumn2 = table.getColumn(2).getName();
  const nameOfColumn3 = table.getColumn(3).getName();

>   // Set the formula of the fourth column to be that row's column 2 and 3 values.

Reviewer: This comment doesn't seem clear to me. Can you clarify?
```suggestion
  // Set the formula of the fourth column to be the product of the values found
  // in that row's second and third columns.
```

  const combinedColumn = table.getColumn(4).getRangeBetweenHeaderAndTotal();

>   combinedColumn.setFormula(`=[@[${nameOfColumn2}]]*[@[${nameOfColumn3}]]`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  combinedColumn.setFormula(`=[@[${nameOfColumn2}]]*[@[${nameOfColumn3}]]`);
```
